a wonderful good day my
ladies and gentlemen my name is trans
guess and I drew a little round
blow up watchblog
ok i thought i would take you too
such a small city ​​tour I have
that's not all
so appraised and there I thought
welcome
gets in and ride awaits me
let's jump what alas I live here
not haha yes I'm sorry beautiful
careful when you actually do it
stupid or something red green
You're welcome
careful old swede
I think I'll take a look at it myself
will stand me now and
pretend I'm waiting for the bus and
watch the crossing
maybe I should be here
but there are also negative ones
things in wittstocks for example one
slightly hakeligen control of the other
has keyboard input then so
a certain latency I can not handle
to record the extorre I'm just taking
with fraps so i hope that
my voice is reasonably audible and
so there are two more
Three little updates are coming up now
But I just want to random through
drive the area
of course, shit on the wrong side
as it should be careful
cockpit perspective so that's even
a hat off situation so that is
really fat so I would like this
I like it
the music I have identified in the rest
because of copyrights and so ne
if me because youtube then adapt
could or something
rather make out is better for
you if you want to make gameplays
Remember that the music makes him
not about gta 5
better is like me that you have a content
id strike gets who sees it
horny from the tunnel and this light
motion blur that is this time
really not that extreme on anyone
always quite cool from this constant
stand at the traffic light
I did not want me here either
I'm a cow again
I can not seem the way it looks
say except traffic lights
but that is because that the
mission has not yet played
I guess you have to do it all this way
Leveling is also on everyone
very cool
then you have at least something for what you want
plays because I think that corners and
so he i believe as soon as it is like this
there are drawbridges and so what you then
can chop high or chop down
Anyway that will be pretty
pretty funny
I did not want that but was close
old Swede is the cool o
but I was not here for that
but also like to take my car
bye
Excuse me, I think that's not
non-smoking public domain controller la
la la la
but yes, I like that for everyone
case
I could call the police now
I do not do my smartphone
okay I'm in the car and so
I have a short time in between
the vehicle changed but I wanted
you still very briefly just the map
Show here and that is not even
huge so that's probably times
really openworld that's it
pretty fat down there is somehow
water i wanted to like that
watch water
That's why we were there now
just go there
a slight mountain chain then we go
but sometimes in this trail along
go above all things
I'm standing here right now so yes
shit is already a stop so the
water quality is also very beautiful as
I just had to determine class
Hello hello beauty
I will drive you soon
probably be broken but me
I'll drive you first
Gosh
Boy is the crate from me lay
place old Swede was shit and
already scratch in it shit but that is
also with the latency of the me
said that if I press that the
map right after who to
example but that there is still one
takes a bit but millisecond
you have to be sure of that
win makoto you have a clue
what the card costs so close up often
Steering wheel but stupid sow not to grasp
human you know what I'm on
So either the nights last
here extremely long or there is none
day and night change that would be that
a criterion will be brighter now
or not I do not know anymore
no idea no idea no idea
yes but I think so first as a whole
A short insight into workshops is enough
but completely out of the game is one
bang I'll definitely
quite a lot of gambling will happen
many videos do not worry so me
Now put me back to sleep and up
then